Over the last 19 months, I've
bootstrapped my B2B SAS SEO agency,
breaking B2B from absolute zero to 119K
in recurring monthly revenue with only
one full-time employee. And during that
time, I've tested almost every B2B
marketing strategy and tactic under the
sun. Some worked extremely well, whereas
others were a complete waste of time and
money. So, in today's video, I'll break
down the exact marketing strategies that
we've used to break 100K MR in 19
months, showing exactly how we gained
each and every client along with the
revenue numbers of each. Let's dive into
it. So, first and foremost, we've got
SEO. We've got to practice what we
preach as a B2B and SAS SEO agency. If
we couldn't get our own website ranking,
why would any clients trust us that we
can deliver? So, we're ranking top for
terms like SAS SEO agency, B2B SAS SEO
Agency, and a bunch of other terms on
Google organic search, as well as LLMs
like chat GBT. Not only is it a great
trust builder to actually show we can
deliver and that we can practice what we
preach when it comes to SEO, also a
great way to drive inbound booked calls
for our own agency when folks are
searching for our services. So, how the
heck did we do it? When I purchased the
domain name breaking btb.com, set up the
website, we actually had zero domain
authority and we were going against
giant agencies that been ahead of us for
years and years. Had solid domain
ratings, had tons of content, tons of
quality backlinks, mentions, and much,
much more. So, there's a few things we
did. I worked out our money keywords,
aka what would dream clients search when
they're not information gathering.
They're not messing around. They are
looking directly to speak to sales
around our services. So in our case, our
money keywords were around B2B SAS SEO
agency, SAS SEO agency, best SAS SEO
agency, B2B SEO agency, and similar. I
built best-in-class landing pages that
completely blew out the water. anything
else that was ranking on Google already
in terms of talking about the problem we
solve, why folks choose us, leveraging
questions, queries, jobs to be done from
real sales calls, actually weaving our
solution in there, showing plenty of
proof, showing trust signals, showing
examples we can deliver, FAQ sections so
we can really kind of address those
sales calls, queries, objections headon,
and much much more. As well as building
solid articles and similar, but content
could only get us so far as these
keywords are super difficult to rank
for. So, I needed to earn some solid
backlinks to build up the authority of
the site and get those money pages
ranking well. Luckily, in my case, I
done a ton of past podcast interviews
and had some solid sites that were
mentioning my LinkedIn profile, but
didn't actually backlink to the breaking
B2B website. So, I reached out to a
bunch of past podcast hosts that I had
guested on. And I asked if they could
give me a backlink to one of our money
pages. So it might have been our SAS SEO
agency landing page with the do follow
link to best SAS SEO agency or SAS SEO
agency. Built up a bunch of those just
from past media, past interviews, past
writeups that I'd done. And that helped
give us a solid boost along with going
for that money keyword program, building
out best-in-class content, reinforcing
with the backlinks. We actually managed
to start driving inbound leads for a
brand new website in under 90 days. So
we started getting lead flow within 3
months for breaking B2B. Of course,
that's super high level, but if you want
to check out our full SEO strategy, if
you search for Breaking B2B ultimate SAS
SEO guide, that will go into super
detail on how we approach SEO for B2B
and SAS companies so you can copy it for
your company. And SEO is driving a
steady stream of book calls for us, just
like our clients, and keeping us top of
mind when folks are looking for a SAS or
a B2B SAS SEO agency. And we've won two
clients directly from our own SEO,
adding 10.1K in monthly recurring
revenue. By the way, if you want to
start driving pipeline and revenue
through SEO on Google organic search and
now LLMs, why not grab a call with me
over at breaking b2b.com or hit the link
in the description below. Right, back to
the video. So, the second strategy we're
running is running the SEO for Adam
Robinson and his B2B SAS RB2B and
building it all out, sharing it openly
in public. So, this one was a bit of a
wild experiment. I knew Adam Robinson
because he was on the Breaking B2B
podcast some time ago. So, I reached out
to him to see if he was up for
partnering with us on SEO to see if we
could ramp up his signups that come in
through organic search. For context,
Adam Robinson's the founder of RB2B.
They're a visitor level identification
software. They've hit 6.3 million ARR at
the time of recording this with just
three full-time employees. And up to
now, most of RB2B's signups, pipeline,
and revenue has come from Adam
Robinson's huge following on LinkedIn,
his founder brand, and him organically
posting. So, we came on board to build
out the SEO engine as they work towards
10 million ARR. So, why are we sharing
the results and building in public?
Well, Adam and I are big fans of
building openly, just like this video
where we're sharing the exact strategies
we're following for our own B2B
marketing. We're openly sharing exactly
what we're doing each and every month
for our B2B when it comes to the SEO
strategy. So, the full tactics, the
logic behind it, the content we're
creating, the updates we're doing, any
technical SEO, any backlink building,
any listical placements, and much, much
more with exactly why we're doing it,
how we're doing it, and the results
gained. It's like a live case study.
Both Adam will talk about it, we'll talk
about it. We'll share walkthroughs,
screenshots, videos, and much more. In
fact, I just dropped a 6.3 million SAS
SEO strategy video to the Breaking B2B
YouTube and podcast sharing the full
strategy and exactly how we did it. And
I believe the reason this works so well
is it shows our ideal client profile,
B2B SAS marketers and founders exactly
what we're capable of, that we're
transparent, and that we can deliver,
building massive trust and credibility
for us at Breaking B2B. Plus, this type
of content is super fun to deliver both
in video format and written format on
channels like LinkedIn and the breaking
B2B newsletter. Way more powerful in my
opinion than a case study that's written
up on your website and just helps add
that extra layer of trust to dream
clients, especially when it's a third
party, aka the client themselves sharing
it in public. And so far, we're getting
booked calls most weeks since we started
the campaign. We can attribute two
clients directly to the work itself. And
that's 14K in monthly recurring revenue
added so far. The third channel is the
Breaking B2B YouTube that you're
watching now and the Breaking B2B
podcast. So why do we double down on
video content over the last year and
really start to take it seriously? I
believe YouTube is a seriously untapped
market, especially in the B2B marketing
space. So many companies use YouTube as
a dumping ground, just chucking their
webinars in there, random podcast
interviews instead of taking a YouTube
first approach. Video is such a great
way to build another layer of trust with
your dream clients when they're
searching for questions, problems you
solve, looking for examples, case
studies, and much, much more all around
your niche. Not only that, but YouTube
videos can rank in Google search if
you're trying to win on specific money
keywords. Plus, we found from embedding
YouTube videos on articles, landing
pages, and similar, when you weave in a
relevant YouTube video on the topic, it
seems to give you a little boost. Plus,
these videos can get picked up in the
LLMs. We found it a solid way to build
confidence with our target customers.
Plus, it also gets you into the
ecosystem with your ICP. So, they might
watch a couple videos of you, maybe sign
up to your newsletter, maybe follow you
on LinkedIn and keep you top of mind,
and eventually when they need your
solution, you'll be the one that they
believe can deliver. So, here's the
exact video content strategy we're
running right now at Breaking B2B. So
each and every week we put out a fresh
episode. That could be a solo episode
from myself sharing weird B2B and SAS
SEO strategies, case studies, B2B
marketing experiments, or just me
building in public like this video now.
Or it's an interview with a B2B
marketing leader sharing exactly how
they're driving growth at their company
today. Stepby-step, no fluff, pure
tactical advice you can use today. And
there's a ton of replay value. We've got
the YouTube, we've got the Breaking B2B
audio podcast. We can then chop the
clips up, share them on LinkedIn. guests
can share them. We can distribute the
episodes through our newsletter and much
much more. And in terms of actual
business, we drive inbound booked calls
from folks either watching the YouTube
or listening to the podcast. Some of our
B2B marketing leader podcast guests also
eventually turn into clients or they
recommend us to their friends. And most
importantly, this content marketing
flywheel, the video content, the audio
content helps keep us top of mind with
our target prospects as a trustworthy
partner when it comes to B2B SAS SEO.
And of course, if you set this up for
yourself, you can become the trusted
partner in whatever niche you specialize
in. And on the interview side of things,
it helps us strengthen relationships
with these B2B marketing leaders. So
when we do the episode, we'll have a
good conversation before, during, and
after. when we share the content, when
we repurpose the content together, also
adds that extra layer of trust. Plus,
we'll keep in touch after the fact. And
so far, this has driven three clients
and added 16.5K in monthly recurring
revenue. And a quick shout out to Samu
at KS Media. He's the guy behind our
YouTube production. In at number four,
we've got my founder brand on LinkedIn.
So, this has been the biggest business
driver at breaking B2B, and I've been
active on LinkedIn for many, many years.
So, it does make sense. Each and every
day, I'll post organic content on
LinkedIn. That could be anything from
weird SAS SEO tips, building in public
like we're doing with RB2B and Adam. It
could be video skits of me on the street
asking folks of the general public, "How
do you get top of Google? What does SEO
mean? Did AI kill Google?" All kinds of
weird and unusual things. Anything from
enterainment videos to unusual memes
about is SEO dead or not? or just
sharing genuinely useful tips when it
comes to SEO and getting your SAS ranked
top of organic search on Google and chat
GPT and the LLMs. My main focus here is
to get attention first and then link it
back to our solution. Hence why we're
doing funny videos skits asking the
public questions. Hence why I'm doing
memes. Hence why I'm doing slightly
unusual stuff so they first think, "What
the heck is this? Oh, this guy's talking
about B2B SAS SEO. That could be useful
for our business." The general strategy
is post once a day organically to
LinkedIn. Share a mix of actionable
how-tos, edutainment, comedy skits,
memes, and more. All of which are niche
down to B2B SAS SEO and mention breaking
B2B in most posts as well. Sometimes
we'll try and get folks into the wider
ecosystem, prompting them to download
our 90 days to revenue SEO guide through
the breaking B2B newsletter, or it could
be guiding them to the YouTube or
podcast or otherwise. And also, I'll
comment and engage on other folks posts.
That's usually target prospects, other
agency owners in complimentary
industries or potential partners or
similar. Basically showing my thoughts
on their posts, adding new insights,
adding ideas, and treating my profile on
LinkedIn like a landing page, making
sure it clearly shares the exact problem
we solve, making sure it shares our
value props. So, B2B SAS SEO for
revenue, not vanity, showing some proof
of results and impact, and making it
nice and easy for folks to grab a call
or visit our website. We've won six
clients directly from my founder brand,
resulting in 42.7K of monthly recurring
revenue added. Like I say, LinkedIn's
been the biggest channel for us so far.
Why do I think this works? Well, founder
brand helps build trust at scale. It
helps keep us top of mind for those
folks that are not ready to buy but are
interested in learning more in our case
about B2B and SAS SEO. And then when our
dream clients are eventually in market
and ready to talk, we become the obvious
choice because we've been sharing useful
advice, entertainment stuff,
entertaining stuff for all this time
that it makes sense to book a call with
us. And posting on LinkedIn organically
is completely free. I do pay for sales
navigator so we can add our ICP as
connections each and every week. And
also you can get the nice little visit
my website call to action. So whenever
you post something or comment on
someone's post, you can see that little
CTA visit my website under your picture
so folks can easily click through to the
site. Strategy five is cold email. So
when I started the agency breaking B2B
19 months ago, as mentioned, fully
bootstrapped, had little cash to acquire
clients whilst we're building up the SEO
engine. I was building my founder brand
on LinkedIn. I was also cold calling and
fired up cold email as a lowcost way to
try and acquire new customers. So we
grabbed some data for series A, series B
and similar funded B2B tech and SAS
companies targeting their marketing
leaders like VP marketing, CMO and
similar which is RCP. We built out a
painfully short message. We were testing
really short email subject lines. The
body of the email itself was something
painfully short like, "Hey Jess," or
"Hey Steve, most marketing leaders tell
me pipeline is down." had a couple weird
ideas to scale leads and revenue with
SEO or organic search. You're against me
sending a quick video review. So
something like this where they read it
and it piqus their curiosity. They
think, "Hey, what the heck is this guy
Sam founder at Breaking B2B on about?"
"Yeah, I'll take the video review." And
most folks, if they did reply
positively, would say something like,
"Yeah, send it over." Of course, we got
a ton of negative response as well. And
then what we do is I'd record a custom
Loom video where I'd have a look at
their website, have a look at their SEO,
and share them some actionable tips over
a three, four minute video showing
exactly what I thought we could do to
ramp up their signups, leads or demos
through SEO with some actionable tips.
And from all that work, we gained one
client. In fact, I'm proud to say it's
our longest serving client at Breaking
B2B, and they recently up their spend.
And that client added 8.7K in monthly
recurring revenue to the business. Sadly
with cold email, domains often burn out,
which was the case in this campaign. So
it stopped being effectively messages
stopped getting delivered effectively
and we closed down the channel. But as
you can tell, most of our business right
now is coming through inbound and
content marketing channels. But we might
try cold email again in the future.
Channel number six, we've got
partnerships and referrals. This is
where we look for agencies and
businesses that serve the same ideal
client profile as us, but are not direct
competitors. So in our case, this was
like video marketing agencies or ads
agencies or similar. Over time, I've
built connections with agency founders,
marketing and revenue leaders through
the years on LinkedIn. And usually we'd
strike up a conversation and eventually
book a call to see if there was business
we could do to pass work each other's
way. And anytime one of these partners
comes across a customer or prospect that
might need help with SEO, they introduce
us. If we eventually go on to sign them
as a client, we give them a 10% kick
back as a thank you for sending them our
way. And so far, we've gained two
clients from partnerships and referrals,
adding 16K in monthly recurring revenue.
And why does it work? Well, it's a
win-win for both parties. They're
helping their prospects and customers,
and we get a warm introduction. These
warm leads close way faster than
traditional leads because they've got
that extra layer of trust from that
introduction. And essentially, it's a
zerocost way to generate new leads and
business once you build up these
partnerships and relationships. Strategy
seven is podcast guesting. So most weeks
I'll try and guest on a B2B marketing or
SAS marketing podcast or YouTube
channel. I use a website called listen
notes. And this is brilliant because you
can type in your exact niche or focus
industry and see the top podcasts and
shows within that industry. You can also
filter them to the top rated ones, like
the top 10%, top 2.5%, top 1%, and more.
And then you can see exactly who hosts
the show. I'll find the host on
LinkedIn, reach out to them with a
painfully short connection request,
like, "Hey, Janice, had a unusual idea
for your podcast. You against a quick
chat." Most of the time, they'll accept
the connection request on LinkedIn, then
probably reply something like, "Hey Sam,
what are you talking about?" Or, "Hey
Sam, what's up?" Or probably in a
slightly confused manner, wondering what
the heck I'm talking about. And then
I'll craft a tailored custom Loom video,
ideally with their podcast in the
background, and personalize it. So, it
takes a bit of time. So, I'll go on to
their their podcast or their website
page with the podcast listings on, and
I'll say, "Hey, enjoyed your recent
podcast episode on XYZ. Had two specific
ideas that I think might be useful for
your podcast." I'll go ahead and share
what those two ideas are. I'll also say,
"Look, I'm happy to share it with my
audience and my following on LinkedIn,
as well as shooting it out to my
newsletter and promoting it as much as I
possibly can and then see if they're up
for having me as a guest." Good thing
about this strategy is when you copy and
paste a Loom video into the LinkedIn
chat, it actually shows a little gift of
you ideally waving at the start of the
video. So, it is a pattern interrupt
when they see that Loom video screen in
their LinkedIn inbox. And from running a
podcast myself, most pitches for
podcasts, absolutely awful. Wall of
text, emails, nothing really different
or tailored. So, this video is a great
way to break out through the noise and
at least get a response and it tends to
work really well. That's how we've
secured a lot of our interviews and I
aim to do a podcast interview each and
every week. We recently won a client
from podcast guesting adding 6.6K in
monthly recurring revenue. But there's
so many advantages to guesting on
industry relevant and niche relevant
shows. You get in front of a super
engaged audience that fits your ICP. You
build that extra layer of trust from
when someone's listening you or watching
you for 30, 40 minutes talk about your
area of expertise. It helps with SEO
because you can ask the host after
they've launched the episode on their
website to give you a backlink to one of
your money keywords and pages as well as
giving you a brand mention to help show
up on chat GPT and LLMs. And
essentially, it's a free PR strategy and
free way to get direct inbound leads or
good calls. In eight, we've got Google
Ads. So, we've been trying out Google
Ads as an experiment for the last couple
months. We're focused only just like our
SEO focused only on 5% of our total
addressable market that's going to be in
buying mode now. So focusing on those
bottomfunnel money keywords like SAS SEO
agency, best SAS SEO agency, B2B SAS SEO
agency, best B2B SAS SEO agencies and a
bunch of similar terms relevant to
prospects that are in market for our
solutions now. And the Google Ads
visitors go straight to a tailored
landing page which is focused on one
core offer. So drive revenue or pipeline
as quick as 90 days. It's got a quick
video of me sharing more info about our
strategy and approach with clear call to
actions to apply for that SEO video
review throughout. Plenty of social
proof, logos, client results, client
case studies. Takes a problem agitation
solution PAS framework like are you
struggling with these problems?
Competitors above you in search, small
marketing team struggling to rank
effectively on Google and LLMs. Maybe
seeing success from paid media or
outbounder sales or events but not
driving a steady flow of pipeline
through SEO or the last agency promised
the earth and didn't deliver. basically
pulling the the common frustrations we
hear on sales calls and leveraging them.
Then talking about exactly how we solve
that with our approach, more social
proof, more video review case studies,
calendarly links so people can easily
schedule a time. Bunch of FAQs handing
real sales calls objections. More call
to actions and more video proof on real
clients sharing their why they chose us
and the results gained. And then
finishing off at the bottom. At the
moment, we're roughly 2 to 2.5K US
monthly ad spend. But as I say, we're
only 2 to 3 months in, so it's still
early days. Good thing about getting
Google Ads prospects is I know that not
everyone that visits the landing page or
site is going to convert, but we can
then retarget them on YouTube or
retarget them with our LinkedIn ads and
basically stay top of mind through that
ecosystem play. And so far, we've won
one client with 5.4K in monthly
recurring revenue added. Many B2B and
SAS companies run Google ads whilst
they're building out their SEO engine as
sometimes it can be a quicker way to
capture that demand and drive pipeline
whilst the SEO engine is building up. In
at nine, we've got LinkedIn ads. So, as
mentioned earlier, LinkedIn organic
content posting with my founder brand
has been a solid way to drive business
for breaking B2B. There's a couple plays
we're running with LinkedIn ads. We're
taking some of my top performing
topfunnel like informationalbased
content, some of the funny stuff, some
of the edutainment stuff and some of the
more bottomfunnel stuff that could be
RB2B case studies, client results videos
and similar. So, a mix of topfunnel,
midfunnel and bottomfunnel content from
my own personal posts and then we're
serving those to a cold audience of
around 1,800 ICPs, so marketing leaders
at B2B tech and SAS companies. And also,
we're retargeting website visitors. So
that could be traffic from SEO, from our
Google ads, from watching the YouTube or
the podcast or otherwise. And also,
we're serving a couple ads through the
breaking B2B LinkedIn company page,
which tends to go to folks that have
consumed the ads for a little while. And
that directs them to that 90 days to
pipeline SEO offer and sends them to a
similar landing page to the Google Ads
one. And I love this play, not for the
direct lead genen, but to keep us top of
mind for that 95% of our target market
that aren't in buying mode yet, but we
hope to be seen as a trustworthy source.
So when they do need our services, we're
the one they choose. And although we
can't attribute revenue direct to the
tea from LinkedIn ads, many folks
joining sales calls are mentioning that
they keep see our ads, whether that's
our thought leadership ads or they're
enjoying our breaking B2B direct ads. So
that's a positive signal to me if it
keeps being mentioned that it's working
to keep our company top of mind. And a
big shout out to George Cudinaris over
at the b2bplaybook.com
who's doing a great job running our
LinkedIn ads. And last but not least, in
at number 10, we've got the breaking B2B
weekday newsletter. And these are short
bite-siz emails I send each weekday to
B2B marketers and founders with tips,
stories, and ideas. And these cover SEO,
B2B marketing, SAS marketing, as well as
fresh podcast and YouTube updates. Now,
in terms of results, we haven't had any
direct sales come specifically from the
newsletter. But just like many of these
channels, many folks have said, "Yep,
I've been following the Breaking Bad
newsletter for many months or possibly
even a year or so when they're coming on
to sales calls." So, I know for sure
it's influenced a bunch of the deals
that have closed. One of the main ways
that we've built the list over the last
19 months is through using lead magnets.
We've got the 90 days to revenue SEO
guide. So I sometimes plug that as a CTA
in my LinkedIn posts and also mention it
on some of these YouTube vids and
podcasts that you can check out the
breaking B2B newsletter. And we find it
works as a really good nurture engine
working together with all the other
channels we've talked about. So what
does all of this tell us? Well, I
believe B2B marketing really is an
ecosystem play. As you can probably tell
by now, I'm not a big fan of working in
channels or tactics as silos. I believe
they all work together as a content
marketing flywheel. So, I'm a big fan of
having rented assets like posting on
LinkedIn and found a brand as well as
owned assets that you have a lot more
control over without relying on volatile
algorithms. So, things like your
website, your content, your SEO
strategy, podcast, YouTube, your email
list, and more. And as I say, many of
these channels really are feeding into
each other. I've had a bunch of sales
calls where folks might say, "Yeah, we
found you for a Google search for B2B
SAS SEO agency. Then checked out your
newsletter, followed your podcast and
YouTube channel for a while, checked out
your LinkedIn content, flagged you with
our exec team, eventually something else
took priority, eventually came back to
the newsletter, and then decided we
really needed to get our SEO sorted out
to drive pipeline. Grabbed a call and
eventually did some business with that
client." So many of these channels are
influencing the pipeline and the
revenue. So often times is really
difficult to get direct attribution
especially in the messy world of B2B
marketing. So what's next for breaking
B2B? Well, I believe we've truly been
blessed to hit this revenue milestone
ahead of our original targets. So one of
the main goals is to overd deliver for
each and every clients and make sure we
deliver 5% more than what we promised.
This encourages client happiness, client
retention, and also encourages word of
mouth. I want to keep building up our
YouTube strategy, of course, the
LinkedIn founder brand and the SEO
strategy and keep building our
intentionally tight-knit, niched down
team of trusted contractors and
eventually hire more full-time
employees. And as we broke the 100K MR
goal before the 2-year milestone, we'll
have to work towards the 200K goal now.
And hopefully that could be a future
video. And there we have it. I hope
these insights are going to help you
dial in your B2B or SAS marketing
strategy. Now, if you're a B2B or SAS
company that's tired of competitors
ranking above you in Google's organic
search results and AI search, meaning
they're stealing traffic, mind share,
and pipeline, why not grab a call with
me to learn more about our unusual
approach driving pipeline and revenue
with SEO. Head over to breaking B2B.com
or hit the first link in the description
below. At this stage, we've helped
dozens of companies scale with SEO and
I'd love you to be our next case study.
Or if you're not ready yet, why not
check out the Breaking B2B newsletter
where you can instantly unlock my 90
days to revenue SEO guide. Or check out
the Breaking B2B podcast for SAS
marketing and SEO tips each and every
week. And I shall catch you on the next
one. Cheers.